Bump repmgr version 5.5.0 (#868)
EnterpriseDB/repmgr: README.md

replication, and perform administrative tasks such as failover or switchover
operations.

> The most recent `repmgr` version (5.5.x) supports all PostgreSQL versions from
> 13 to 17. Despite it could be used with some older one, some features might not
> be available, however, it's strongly recommended to use the latest version possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent `repmgr` version (5.5.x) supports all PostgreSQL versions from
13 to 17. Despite it could be used with some older ones, some features might not
be available, however, it's strongly recommended to use the latest version.
```
